hey okay thanks for picking up
ausa i'm calling to uh to apologize
and I it's not an excuse I know it's not
excused it's never an excuse but my
excuses I was fucking hammered yeah I'm
driving yeah I'm going to work what what
does that to do anything I don't even
have a landline also I'm preoccupied
with driving this apology can't be
sincere that's ridiculous there's no
hold on a second no I will not no I will
not agree to the statement I am a
monster unless you're speaking it just
gave a sarcastic thumbs up right there
fine I should have called while sitting
out of my patio on a recliner or smoking
a pipe in total deep thought yeah yeah I
don't think it's a powerful argument to
just repeat everything I say in a dumb
voice that's not that's not that's not
debating I'm doing it because you're
stupid know that that's that girl
honestly your point about calling while
driving is well taken but but here's the
thing let me just get this in there
honestly like it's a right-brain
left-brain thing you know when the
analytical part of my brain is kind of
preoccupied the emotional side honestly
comes through better and helps me you
know talk to and deal with bitches as
well wait before you finish that
statement I got one thing to say but
look I want to break up
doesn't matter who changes their
facebook status first listen I don't
want to argue I called to apologize yeah
man go dodgers babee uhh yeah dude this
guy must have just seen my license plate
it's you said it if you said it and I
just said it I didn't know you just say
I didn't know you were gonna say oh I'm
a mind-reader now oh I'm a mind-reader
you you want a ham sandwich well how was
I supposed to know that well if you were
here right now oh my god I oh I would
spray with the hose huh you don't go to
jail for that
no well google it I know what love is I
know what love is don't tell me I don't
you're gonna make me define love right
now fine it's when you want to hang out
with someone and bang them at the same
time
what's your definition
fuck that's beautiful man remember when
I said that the thing I hated about la
the most is traffic mmm you oh I'm not
as funny as I think I am mm okay now
we're getting juvenile here well guess
what I think your paintings are stupid
wait hold on one second before you hang
up no I'm serious one more thing one
more thing before you hang up
you